docs: update configuration:applications (#181)
nginx/unit-docs: source/configuration/index.rst

      - String-valued object;
        environment variables to be passed to the app.

        Unit passes the environment variables to the app without modification,
        even if no enviroment configuration object is specified.

        Any data specified in the **environment** object gets merged to the
        existing environment variables.

        If an environment variable already exists in the system and gets declared

>         in the object, the object's value takes precendence and gets passed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        in this object, the object's value takes precedence and gets passed to
```

Reviewer: Besides the two changes, it's g2g

Author: for this kind of typo and small changes, feel free to apply them directly, no need for my re-review. Ty

Reviewer: Will do in the future, thank you 🙂
